Fixed link to list of plugins. (#2449)
erlang/rebar3: CONTRIBUTING.md

Before requesting or implementing a new feature, please do the following:

> - Take a look at our [list of plugins](https://rebar3.readme.io/docs/using-available-plugins#available-plugins)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Take a look at our [list of recommended plugins](http://rebar3.org/docs/configuration/plugins/#recommended-plugins)
```

We moved off of readme.io so this is the new link.

Author: Thanks, I updated the link.
